Modify rule S2445: Add C# description and samples (#1570)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2445/csharp/message.adoc

=== Message

> Do not lock on non-"readonly" field "xxx", use a "readonly" field instead.

Reviewer: I would remove all double quotes around `readonly` word. We can live without them. The "xxx" is OK

Do not lock on local variable "xxx", use a "readonly" field instead.

> Locking on a new instance is a no-op, use a "readonly" field instead.

Reviewer: To align the messages.

This will enable us to use a single format string with varying reasons in the implementation.
```suggestion
Do not lock on a new instance because is a no-op, use a "readonly" field instead.
```

=== Message

"xxx" is not "private readonly", and should not be used for locking.

> "xxx" is a local variable, and should not be used for locking.

Reviewer: See `Messages` section of the guideline: 
https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/extension-guide/adding-coding-rules/
It should say what's wrong and how to fix it.

This applies to all.
```suggestion
Do not lock on a local variable "xxx", use a private readonly field instead.
```
This applies to all of them.

Author: The format of messages was borrowed from the Java counterpart.

I have changed them in
```
Do not lock on not "private readonly" field "xxx", use a private readonly field instead.
Do not lock on local variable "xxx", use a private readonly field instead.
Use fields from "yyy" for locking.
Locking on a new instance is a no-op, use a private readonly field instead.
Strings can be interned, and should not be used for locking. Use a private readonly field instead.
```

Although seems to me at least debatable, to direct users to use `private readonly` fields, rather than private get-only property backed by a field, for cases like a local variable, a new instance or a new string instance, since we don't know and can't extrapolate about user intent.

Author: The list of messages listed here became stale after [this](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/1570#discussion_r1118576245) and [this](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/1570#discussion_r1118693193) discussions.

New messages are:
```
Do not lock on writable field "xxx", use a readonly field instead.
Do not lock on local variable "xxx", use a readonly field instead.
Do not lock on a new instance because is a no-op, use a readonly field instead.
Do not lock on strings as they can be interned, use a readonly field instead.
```

> Use fields from "yyy" for locking.

Reviewer 2: I see here that there's also this best practice, about choosing fields that belong to the same type that the locking is in, but we don't have anything in the description for it.

Reviewer: That sounds like a different rule

Reviewer 2: @pavel-mikula-sonarsource 
Yes and maybe no too.
To lock on a field of a different type you are probably locking on a non-private field.
IMO it's still related.

Maybe adding something to the description though - rethinking about it - might be an overkill.

Reviewer: I would not extend the scope, as public static fields, and nested classes will make it a rabbit hole.

Reviewer 2: @pavel-mikula-sonarsource I think in the same spirit also the case of interned string should be removed.
And then maybe create a new rule proposal about "Good practices with lock".

Author: A bit of background.

The message `Use fields from "yyy" for locking.`  has been introduced during the 1st round of review of the implementation for the rule, in a discussion with @zsolt-kolbay-sonarsource : https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-dotnet/pull/6750#discussion_r1108453102

The reasoning for introducing a custom message was the following (Zsolt: correct me if I am wrong):
- if you lock on a field of another class (e.g. `lock (AnotherClass.staticReadonlyField) { }`), the rule would tell you that `staticReadonlyField` is not `private readonly`, and to use a `private readonly` field instead
- but you can't use a `private readonly` field from `AnotherClass`, unless `AnotherClass` is your outer class, because as soon as you make `staticReadonlyField` private, you won't see anymore from your current scope
- therefore, instead of suggesting to the user something he can't possibly do, we suggest something he can do: use fields from its own class

If, in this case, we consider adherence to the rule as more important than feasibility of the suggestion, I can revert this one to the original message.
Option 2: don't trigger the rule if the `private readonly` field is in a class different than the one that contains the method with the `lock` statement. Very conservative: we would probably disable the rule where it's most needed. We would, however, not have false positive or wrong messages.

Author: Outcome of the discussion had offline on the subject reported [here](https://github.com/SonarSource/rspec/pull/1570#issue-1582097418).
